If this video gets 500 thousand re - tweets my mom will buy me
Please
I hope you guys, can we smash 500K for IK?
On this video
He agreed to take me to Minkon
I hope you friends
If this video gets 10.000.000.000
My mother will send me into space
That 's right, you crooks no more youtube videos
That's right, Karahan
No more YouTube clips
Begging for the ikat
It's something I do
Leave to IK if you agree
But when does begging become too impressive?
To minimize inconvenience
Sometimes I like to sneak a little
Biodebay: Hey friends if you like the section do not forget the IK
But some people take it very far
Some people do not have integrity, they start screaming, [like Mr. Shanab]
Ching Hahaha
It starts to scream
* Biodebay screams *
This makes me angry
Caveman: Are you an idiot?
Multiple things up to 10 minutes
And now with the latest popular videos
I'll just keep them here
Begging for admiration, has gone even further. (agreed)
I went two steps away
Makes me feel crazy
The
right Now
The new trend of begging has become impressive
Can I get better grades, or disinfectants?
For Twitter
You may have seen this Tweet, it's got 137k of tweets.
"100k Tweets, Mr. Fry will hit 89.2% to 90% of the last semester."
"Probably not happening, but we will try LMAO"
we will try
We will try to get a good score
It seems that a lot of people bought into this clearly
I mean, they've got 137k of tweets
No, I'm not a fan because it got more tweets than I did. (Congratulations)
No, I'm not a fan of this. (Congratulations)
This is the dumbest thing I have ever seen
I do not know how the US school system is
I do not know how grades work there
Basically, what we had at university
3 passes and 5 is the maximum
So either you get anything, 3, 4 or 5, then you get an average of it.
If they work fairly they need 4.0,
I'm sorry but you're bad
Why are there so many people re-posting this?
He raised: Why did this teacher agree to this?
I remember there was no way in my school
That you can talk about anything about changing the grade
If you think the teacher made a mistake, you can provide it
Be like
"Hello, sorry, I corrected this, but I think it should be like this."
It happened, and the teacher changed it.
But do it for tweets
I'm sorry but the hell
This is the stupidest thing I have ever seen
I work very hard! So no one else should get anything for free!
People should not have access to free things D: <
Now apparently this is not the only time this thing was.
is reading
This was posted a few weeks ago
Why?
Why angrily
Just take the test like anyone else!
Why did the teacher agree to this?
"Yes you know what, this is lotta"
I assume there will be no final.
Who cares you can learn or not
If you get a lot of tweets on the Internet?
This is the most
A valuable source of all time
Anything else has no real value or value
Learning things is not important
as it is
What about this lesson for you children?
So many people started trying to re-establish this
If we work together we will do it
Yay Twitter
Yumai
I've got 248, that's very bad.
Reads Translated by YsSSeiiR Al Msariy
Please help us we are desperate
Oh no, they got 78 tweets
Oh Lama
They will not pass their grade!
Oahu
My heart bleeds for these students, wearing a jacket ??? And tie ??
I can not even figure out who is the student and who is the teacher.
These people are struggling in school
is reading
Oh Tagreed Ninja and Heizi
A Ninja
I need your help, man
Ninja Why did not you Twitter them
The previous one is banned from surfer in Mainkraft because you said Frik
You can use the Footnote Influenc effect
Very selfish.
Some people, man
I'd easily get it back, because that's for good reason, okay?
Everyone hates the school of Hashtaq # I hate school
Leave Lake for video
Appreciate Najib 5,000 Lyc will disappear school
This is true, the principle is agreed upon.
If we cheat one million
My teacher will play Sudoku (a famous game)
The whole school system will disappear into the universe.
The oldest example I could find was
In December of last year.
They asked for 70,000 tweets "no"
For the final international marketing exam
At least if the subject is marketing,
I managed to get 50 thousand tweets,
I understand this, but skip the math test only
It's just why
Reads (Translated by YsSSeiiR Al Msariy)
Come on, guys
We - this is common
The common thing they use to access tweets
Oh I must be such a joke
Tweet
very funny
Can you at least clean your white supremacy plate?
Every time-
They are all American students too,
is it bad
America, are you okay? (Hahaha no)
is reading
What??
You can not even hit it
Pathetic, okay? 1k? Do you know what this is to me? nothing. That does not mean anything to me.
Absolutely trash.
How great you are Congratulations
is reading
Hey man I've commented on Fen 2k tweet wink
Can you guys please twitter this
To stop this abuse (just because you can not shake hands)
Some say they are still holding their hands to this day. It's actually a very beautiful romantic story hahaha
Again, I can not say who is the teacher and who is the student.
What is your school's problem?
is reading
Now this is just sad
This is sad because I know they will do it
It's like all these tweets
About going to a concert.
Hey, if this gets 20k of tweets, a celebrity will have to take me to a concert! '
is reading
How much this worthy and sexy Yai
If this video gets 5 lycas I will publish a naked picture of my dog ​​Haha
Please, can we make this happen to everyone?
is reading
Together we can do it, Yawai
Despacito, How many replies to reissue in Swedish?
Please guys, if we work together, we can make that happen
is reading
You even did not get it, this is 499 by the way. (Rose chair price)
Pathetic, at least get the right amount
It has literally become just a marketing tool now for companies
See how many tweets, Yai!
I hate everything, I can not feel joy anymore (same as Pewds)
help my
We can get 50 admiration to help restore any form of happiness in my heart
Please guys, we can do it
is reading
do it!
I did it anyway though you did not get a 500-
No one cares
is reading
just do it
I do not care if the internet is not your admirable device
is reading
You know she says you're basically ugly, right?
Hey, I've got an air kiss for 10k, fantastic.
Hello David, how many tweets have you made to date with your mother?
Must be 25 K, yes.
I will treat it well and it will be a wonderful time
is reading
What about 1k of tweets to help you learn how to spell?
Map
Well done
So I got 1K, almost
Oh my God
is reading
How does this prove wrong to her teacher?
If anything, you can not spell> :(
Although there is a Word document to help you AutoCorrect, Hey to hell
is reading
Brad F. Brad is very sad
Just do it I do not care
is reading
Please guys, if there's one thing!
If we all work together,
Get this Nintendo guy from a friend of his wife, for good reason.
is reading
Thakiri
That's the thing, everyone omits them when they do not reach the goal
I see you, well, I know what you're going to do
We need to shame these people. Rita Aura, shame on you.
Read sarcastically
No one wants hearing
Listen, it was funny once. Understand it.
Re full twitter to get Carter's chicken fingers
this is funy. He was watching, he was strange
And the fact that this tweet has more tweets about Obama's chuckle
There is something beautiful about it.
But these powerful children - do your job next time, what about it?
And stop wasting my time. I do not want to see these things
I do not want to hear about it -
Just stop
Thank you for watching this video, if we hit a number of likes five times,
I will enter this treasury and I will never return
Right
All I need is 5,000 very few 500 thousand lychees and I will never return
I'll be waiting
Just let me know when we reach 500 thousand okay?
Just promise you'll let me know so I know when it comes out
Remember IK
(YsSSeiiR Al Msariy) And God tired hours in translation Subscribe to my channel and thank you